The military has a really good system for acknowledging the accomplishments
that people do. So if you go out in the middle of the ocean, and
you come back in, that's a tour. Then you get a little ribbon right
here. You can't see on this uniform but on other uniforms you wear,
your dress blues, your dress whites, other like nice uniforms that
you wear, you can have like little emblems. They go three by three
by three and you can get them for various things. If you shoot a gun
really well, then you can get an expert ribbon. If you do something
really really productive for the ship that you're on, then you can
get like the Navy achievement medal let's say. Or if you go to a specific
place in the middle, in the world, and you fight a certain war,
then you can get another ribbon. So as you, the longer that you're
in, you start acquiring these ribbons any you can kind of see who's
been, number one in the longest time, and number two, who's had the
most success in their job by the amount of ribbons that they have.
You can really see lots of admirals with like really big huge stacks
of ribbons.